♪ La, la, la, la, laaan! ♪
I'm...
Ai-chan!
♪ Gradually ♪
♪ My subscriber count increases ♪
♪ A.I.Channel! “Beautiful!” ♪
I'm going to say it but, I...
I’m just saying, but I’m always completely naked in a way, so…
I’m pretty much completely naked, so...
So there aren't any panties, you know...
How about it everyone? Can you see it?
Can you see it?
Hehe, you can't see it, right?
I won’t tell you what today will be about...
For those who have already realized the trend that’s going on...!
I'll present this!
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today...
I'm going to introduce you to a game called 'HIT'
You know, this Kiki-chan...
Outrageous!
I mean...
Look at this person's thighs...
Even though her upper body is so thin...
And these...
Plumpy thighs that give off a good feeling...
That's what they were probably aiming for
Couldn't her name just be 'Thigh'-chan or 'Butt'-chan?
See! Isn't that bad?!
She was tapping her rear, you know...
*I'm Kiki-chan!*
No, no, no, no, no...
That's bad...
*♪ La, la, la, la, laaan! ♪*
Isn't that bad?
What is this?
Eh?
What part of her do you like?
As for me... I like this angle!
Sorta.. like this... the rear jumps out...
Aren't the thick thigh lines, in a good condition, like this?
This...
If you do it like this, you sort of...
Ah, but over here!
Ehm… I know it, but how do you call it...
Between one thigh and the other...
The triangle shape...
The triangle gap here!
You understand, right?
This is what you're looking for, right?
Good, good
*H-hey!*
Ah! That's cute!
*I'm Kiki-chan!*
She says "I'm Kiki-chan"!
I'd like to say "I'm Ai-chan"!
It's cute, right?
I think you all noticed by now, but...
I'l make it very clear...
This is a sponsored video
So then...
The developers asked that they would like me to play in this cute swimsuit, but...
I'm already tired of swimsuits, so then...
Definitely, even if it’s a sponsored video...
Since they are asking me to do it...
Definitely...
Since I have to...
If I’m not motivated, I can't do it...
So then...
I want to see the other outfits too...
And then try the one I like the most...
I’ll be doing summonings...
By the way, this is paid content
In that case, I want to try the 'avatar slot machine'...
Get me a cute one! Please!
How'd it go? How'd it go?
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh! Oh!
I've got a good feeling about this
Hmm...
Hmm, but they are cat ears
Cat ears are cute~
I already have this, right?
Eh? But... well...
You know...
I only got one piece of clothing...
It's cute, but it's not exactly what I wanted...
No costumes that I like are coming out!
*inhales* Aaah!
Do you agree with this, developers? Make clothes appear that I like, yes?
If you don't do that...
I’ll end the video right now, understand?
Here I go!
Please! A cute one!
How'd it go? How'd it go?
Ah, compared to last time...
Ah, but, it's the same as last time...
Here I go, wait a minute...
First, ehm...
I'll start with these, yes?
Here I go!
Yes!
E-ehm....
This doesn’t look very cute, right?
Okay!
Umm...
What's this? Is it a frog?
What's this?
Here I go...
One, two, and...!
Ahhhhhhhhh...
Well then, it’s not my preference, but I did get some cute ones, so then...
I'd like to... equip some of these inmediately!
*Ai-chan equipping noises*
Ah, incredible!
Ah, incredible, it's not cute but it's cool!
Eh? That's fine, I definitely like the characters that wear...
Those kinds of wings, right?
I'll go with this, it looks strong too!
So cute!
Eh? I don't like the swimsuit but I think this look better...
It's not exactly cute, but...
I like it!
So cute!
It's very luxurious, right?
Incredible!
*I’m Kiki-chan!*
So cute! I like it!
Okay, in this case, now that we've changed our appearance...
I'll go fight! Here we go!
This is PvP
I'm going to be fighting against other players!
In that case, let's start the battle!
*Here I go!*
Good!
I'd like a minimum of at least 2-3 kills...
Eh? I can't find anyone...
Are they so scared of my power that they hide?
Eh? Eh? Eh?
Eh?
What just happened to me?
Why?
What does this mean?
Did she do something to me?
Eh? She's not losing HP at all?
Hey, hey, hey...
Hey!
Eh?
Well...
Game developers!
It seems like a bug entered into my device!
My attacks...
Aren't working at all...
And I die in one hit!
Game developers!
*You can become stronger in Adventure Mode!*
Save me, please!
See?! Did you see that? Listen, developers!
Listen!
Why?
Listen, why?
Why is this happening, really…?
Where's everyone?
Listen!
I...
Eh?
How disrespectful!
Couldn't you be a little kinder to me?
Ehhh? Ehh?
Good! Here I go!
Good! Good! AAAAHH!
AAAHH!
*PvP Results: Total defeat
I'm going to get stronger and try again!*
Okay, everyone!
On this screen...
There's a mistake!
What is it? Thinking time start!
Tick, tick, tick...
Ding!
If you found it, your IQ is 2500!
Amazing
Well, you see...
Instead of "AIChannel"...
My name has become...
Something like "AICannel"...
That was my mistake...
If you got this right...
You might be able to join Mensa!
*MENSA is an international association of gifted persons founded in England*
Okay, I changed my clothing again! What do you think?
So cute!
Ahhh!
So cute... this... this... how do you say it?
Kind of like lingerie...
Well...
Like how from around her breasts, it looks like as if its cushioned...
This... garter?
The hearts are really cute, right?
I definitely prefer what looks adorable rather than what looks great
Ah, I really like this frilly stuff!
Man, this little space within her butt is also spectacular!
Your name should definitely be "Thigh-chan" instead of Kiki-chan!
So cute! Both her ears and her hair...
Ah! How cute!
Having said that, it looks like...
This is a video where I'm only happy, but...
The battle was not a pleasant thing to see, I got destroyed completely, but...
How was it?
For those who love butts and thighs...
Ah, but...
This is a game I recommend, so then...
Make sure to download it, okay?
This was the Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Bararo, Zerch, Lacrymac, Vortex, and Mitsukitten